URL: https://vercel.com/docs/plans/hobby
Retrieved: 2026-09-21
 Vercel Hobby Plan Skip to content Copy Wordmark Copy Logo Download Brand Assets Brand Guidelines Docs Build Build with AI AI Gateway AI SDK Sandbox Container Registry Workflow Vercel Agent v0 ↗ Vercel MCP AI Integrations Deploy & scale Deployments CLI Functions Delivery Network Storage Integrations Microfrontends Domains Operate & protect Firewall Observability Feature Flags Toolbar Bot Management BotID Deployment Protection Compliance Learn Resources Changelog ↗ Blog ↗ Community ↗ Knowledge Base APIs & SDKs Templates Getting Started Ask AI Log In Sign Up Build Build with AI AI Gateway AI SDK Sandbox Container Registry Workflow Vercel Agent v0 ↗ Vercel MCP AI Integrations Deploy & scale Deployments CLI Functions Delivery Network Storage Integrations Microfrontends Domains Operate & protect Firewall Observability Feature Flags Toolbar Bot Management BotID Deployment Protection Compliance Learn Resources Changelog ↗ Blog ↗ Community ↗ Knowledge Base APIs & SDKs Templates Getting Started Ask AI Sign Up Log In Search Docs ⌘ K Start Getting started Fundamentals Frameworks Incremental Migration Production Checklist Build AI apps AI Gateway AI SDK MCP Vercel Connect eve beta Agent Resources Run agents and backends Functions Fluid Compute Routing Middleware Cron Jobs Queues beta Workflows Sandbox Container Registry beta Ship and scale Projects Git Drop new CLI Monorepos Builds Deployments Domains Vercel for Platforms Routing CDN Microfrontends Storage Integrations Vercel Agent Public Beta Services beta Observe and improve Observability Vercel Toolbar Feature Flags Rolling Releases Instant Rollback Secure and govern Firewall Bot Management BotID Deployment Protection Key Management beta Passport new Identity & Access Networking Security & Compliance Manage Pricing Plans Spend Management Limits Notifications Support Center Reference Project Configuration REST API Vercel SDK Build Output API Webhooks Marketplace APIs Checks Errors Glossary Plans Overview Hobby Plan Pro Plan Expand menu Pro Plan Trial Billing FAQ Enterprise Plan Expand menu Billing FAQ MIUs for AI Copy page Copy page Vercel Hobby Plan Copy page Copy page The Hobby plan is free and aimed at developers with personal projects, and small-scale applications. It offers a generous set of features for individual users on a per month basis: All prices shown are in USD and exclude value-added tax (VAT), goods and services tax (GST), and other applicable taxes. Taxes are calculated based on your billing address and added to your invoice where required by law. Learn more about taxes . Resource Hobby Included Usage Global Config Reads First 100,000 Global Config Writes First 100 Fast Data Transfer First 100 GB Fast Origin Transfer First 10 GB Edge Requests First 1,000,000 Active CPU 4 CPU-hrs Provisioned Memory 360 GB-hrs Function Invocations First 1,000,000 Image Transformations First 5,000 Image Cache Reads First 300,000 Image Cache Writes First 100,000 Speed Insights Events 10,000 events over the last 30 days, shared across the team Web Analytics Events 50,000 events / month included Workflow Events 50,000 events / month included Workflow Data Written 1 GB Connect Token Requests First 500 Connect Triggers First 1,000 Hobby billing cycle As the Hobby plan is a free tier there are no billing cycles. In most cases, if you exceed your usage limits on the Hobby plan, you will have to wait until 30 days have passed before you can use the feature again. Some usage limits have shorter pause periods: Web Analytics : collection pauses after the grace period and can resume after 7 days As stated in the fair use guidelines , the Hobby plan restricts users to non-commercial, personal use only. When your personal account gets converted to a Hobby team, your usage and activity log will be reset. To learn more about this change, read the changelog . Comparing Hobby and Pro plans The Pro plan offers more resources and advanced features compared to the Hobby plan. The following table provides a side-by-side comparison of the two plans: Feature Hobby Pro Projects 200 Unlimited Vercel Function maximum duration 300s (5 minutes) 300s (default) - configurable up to 800s ; extended max duration up to 1800s (30 minutes, beta) Build vCPUs 2 4, up to 30 Build memory (GB) 8 8GB, up to 60GB Build disk size 32 GB 32 GB, up to 64 GB Team collaboration features - Yes Domains per project 50 Unlimited Deployments per day 100 6,000 Analytics 50,000 included Events 1 month of data On-demand events Web Analytics Plus add-on Email support - Yes RBAC available N/A Owner , Member , Billing , Viewer Pro Comments Available Available for team collaboration Log Drains - Configurable (not on a trial) Spend Management N/A Configurable Vercel Toolbar Available for certain features Available Storage Blob Blob Activity Logs Available Available Runtime Logs 1 hour of logs 1 day of logs DDoS Mitigation On by default. Optional Attack Mode . On by default. Optional Attack Mode . Vercel WAF IP Blocking Up to 3 Up to 100 Vercel WAF Custom Rules Up to 3 Up to 40 Deployment Protection Vercel Authentication for preview and production deployments, Deployment Protection Exceptions , and Shareable Links The Hobby features, plus Password Protection for $ 20 per month per protected project Connect Token Requests 500 included Unlimited (on-demand) Connect Triggers 1,000 included Unlimited (on-demand) Upgrading to Pro You can take advantage of Vercel's Pro trial to explore Pro features for free during the trial period, with some limitations . The free first-year domain offer is not available during the Pro trial. It applies to paid Pro teams: a team becomes eligible once it is on a paid Pro plan. Experience Vercel Pro for free Unlock the full potential of Vercel Pro during your 14-day trial with $20 in credits. Benefit from Pro features like team collaboration and enhanced analytics. Start your free Pro trial To upgrade from a Hobby plan: Go to your dashboard . If you're upgrading a team, make sure to select the team you want to upgrade Open Settings in the sidebar and select Billing Under Plan , if your team is eligible for an upgrade, you can click the Upgrade button. Or, you may need to create or select a team to upgrade. In that case, you can click Create a Team or Upgrade a Team Optionally, add team members. Developer seats cost $20 per user / month , while Viewer seats are free Enter your card details Click Confirm and Upgrade If you would like to end your paid plan, you can downgrade to Hobby . Last updated September 14, 2026 Related Vercel documentation Previous Plans Next Pro Plan Was this helpful? supported. Send On this page Hobby billing cycle Comparing Hobby and Pro plans Upgrading to Pro Plans Hobby Plan Agent Stack AI SDK AI Gateway Sandbox Workflows Connect New Passport New eve New Core Platform CI/CD Content Delivery Fluid Compute Observability Security Platform Security WAF Bot Management BotID Tools Vercel Drop New Vercel Agent Vercel Plugin New Agent Skills Domains v0 Frameworks eve New Next.js Nuxt SvelteKit Nitro Turborepo Tanstack Start FastAPI All frameworks SDKs Vercel SDK Workflow SDK New Flags SDK Chat SDK New Queues SDK New Streamdown Build AI Apps Web Apps Marketing Sites Platforms Commerce Platform Engineers Design Engineers Learn Docs Blog Changelog Knowledge Base Academy Articles Community Is Agentic Explore Customers Marketplace Templates Partner Finder Vercel + AWS Company About Careers Press Events Startups Shipped on Vercel Open Source Program Enterprise Pricing Help Legal & Trust Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy DPA Acceptable Use Policy Legal (all documents) Trust Center Status Cookie Preferences Social GitHub X LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Cross-link map: Vercel Hobby Plan (/docs/plans/hobby) From the Vercel docs graph (built 2026-09-20T05:21:37.343Z), spanning vercel.com docs + KB, nextjs.org, ai-sdk.dev, and other Vercel documentation sites. Full graph as JSON: https://vercel.com/docs/graph.json Semantically closest pages Vercel Pro Plan — Learn about the Vercel Pro plan with credit-based billing, free viewer seats, and self-serve enterprise features for pro Understanding Vercel — Learn all about Vercel's Pro Plan free trial, including features, usage limits, and options post-trial. Learn how to man Account Plans on Vercel — Learn about the different plans available on Vercel. Pricing on Vercel — Learn about Vercel's pricing model, including the resources and services that are billed, and how they are priced. Billing FAQ for Pro Plan — This page covers frequently asked questions around payments, invoices, and billing on the Pro plan. This page links to (32) Easier transitions between hobby and pro Using the Activity Log — Learn how to use the Activity Log, which provides a list of all events on a team, chronologically organized since its cr Pricing for Web Analytics — Learn about pricing for Vercel Web Analytics. Managing Builds — Vercel allows you to increase the speed of your builds when needed in specific situations and workflows. Comments Overview — Comments allow teams and invited participants to give direct feedback on preview deployments. Learn more about Comments Vercel Connect Pricing — How Vercel Connect is billed for token requests and triggers across plans and how to stop being billed. Deployment Protection Exceptions — Disable Deployment Protection for a list of preview domains. Sharable Links — Learn how to share your deployments with external users. Password Protection — Require visitors to enter a password before they can view your deployments. Restrict access to deployments with Vercel Authentication — Vercel Authentication restricts access to your deployments so only authorized users can view and comment on your site. Usage & Pricing for Deployment Protection — Compare Deployment Protection feature availability and pricing across Hobby, Pro, and Enterprise plans. Using Drains — Learn how to configure drains to forward observability data to custom HTTP endpoints, dedicated Audit Log destinations, Configuring Maximum Duration for Vercel Functions — Learn how to set the maximum duration of a Vercel Function. Fluid compute pricing — Learn about usage and pricing for fluid compute on Vercel. Using Global Config — Learn how to use Global Configs in your projects. Limits and Pricing for Image Optimization — This page outlines information on the limits that are applicable when using Image Optimization, and the costs they can i Fair Use Guidelines — Learn how Vercel applies fair use guidelines across plans and usage-based resources. Runtime Logs — Learn how to search, inspect, and share your runtime logs with the Logs tab. Vercel Pro Plan — Learn about the Vercel Pro plan with credit-based billing, free viewer seats, and self-serve enterprise features for pro Understanding Vercel — Learn all about Vercel's Pro Plan free trial, including features, usage limits, and options post-trial. Learn how to man Regional Pricing — Vercel pricing for Managed Infrastructure resources in different regions. Taxes — This page covers frequently asked questions around taxes. Access Roles — Learn about the different roles available for team members on a Vercel account. Limits and Pricing for Speed Insights — Learn about our limits and pricing when using Vercel Speed Insights. Different limitations are applied depending on your Spend Management — Learn how to get notified about your account spend and configure a webhook. Vercel Storage overview — Store files with Vercel Blob, runtime configuration with Global Config, and application data with Marketplace databases. Attack Mode — Learn how to use Attack Mode to help control who has access to your site when it's under attack. DDoS Mitigation — Learn how the Vercel Firewall mitigates against DoS and DDoS attacks WAF Custom Rules — Learn how to add and manage custom rules to configure the Vercel Web Application Firewall \(WAF\). WAF IP Blocking — Learn how to customize the Vercel WAF to restrict access to certain IP addresses. Vercel Toolbar — Learn how to use the Vercel Toolbar to leave feedback, navigate through important dashboard pages, share deployments, us Workflow Pricing and Limits — Understand how Vercel Workflows billing works and the limits that apply to runs, streams, and platform resources. Pages that link here (13) By site: vercel-kb (1) · vercel-docs (12) From vercel-kb Why has my account or deployment been paused? — Learn why a Vercel account or deployment gets paused, from budget and usage limits to policy violations, and how to resu From vercel-docs Account Management — Learn how to manage your Vercel account and team members. Pricing for Web Analytics — Learn about pricing for Vercel Web Analytics. Managing Builds — Vercel allows you to increase the speed of your builds when needed in specific situations and workflows. Observability — Monitor token requests, authorizations, revocations, and trigger deliveries for your connectors. Vercel Connect Pricing — How Vercel Connect is billed for token requests and triggers across plans and how to stop being billed. Troubleshoot project collaboration — Learn about common reasons for deployment issues related to team member requirements and how to resolve them. Working with Drains — Drains collect logs, traces, speed insights, and analytics from your applications. Forward observability data to custom Legacy Usage & Pricing for Functions — Learn about legacy usage and pricing for Vercel Functions. Runtime Logs — Learn how to search, inspect, and share your runtime logs with the Logs tab. Account Plans on Vercel — Learn about the different plans available on Vercel. Vercel Sandbox pricing and quotas — Understand how Vercel Sandbox billing works, what's included in each plan, and the quotas that apply. WAF System Bypass Rules — Learn how to configure IP-based system bypass rules with the Vercel Web Application Firewall \(WAF\). 
