URL: https://payloadcms.com/docs/access-control/overview
Retrieved: 2026-09-21
 Access Control | Documentation | Payload Product Simplify your stack and build anything. Or everything. Schedule a Demo USE CASES Headless CMS Enterprise App Builder Headless E-Commerce Digital Asset Management FEATURES Multi-Tenancy White Label Localization Access Control Auth CASE STUDIES See what others are building with Payload. Browse Case Studies Why Payload Build tomorrow’s web with a modern solution you truly own. PAYLOAD IS FOR Developers Marketing teams Enterprise companies Agencies & Consultancies COMPARE PAYLOAD Payload vs WordPress Payload vs Contentful Payload vs Sanity Payload vs Strapi Payload vs Directus AGENCY TESTIMONIAL "Payload has transformed the way our clients manage content. It's an indispensable tool for any modern agency." Become a Partner Find a Partner Developers Code-based nature means you can build on top of it to power anything. Resources Documentation Examples Templates GitHub Releases Blog Guides & Tutorials Community Roadmap Discord Community Help Resources for Developers Get the resources you need to start building today Guides & Tutorials Explore Docs Enterprise It’s time to take back your content infrastructure. Schedule a Demo Enterprise Features SSO AI Auto-Embedding Publishing Workflows Visual Editor Static A/B testing AI features Customer Stories Microsoft ASICS Blue Origin Hello Bello Tekton Featured Customer Story Microsoft chose Payload to tell the world about AI. Read the case study Browse all Docs Login Get Started Access Control Access Control determines what a user can and cannot do with any given Document, as well as what they can and cannot see within the Admin Panel . By implementing Access Control, you can define granular restrictions based on the user, their roles (RBAC), Document data, or any other criteria your application requires. Access Control functions are scoped to the operation , meaning you can have different rules for create , read , update , delete , etc. Access Control functions are executed before any changes are made and before any operations are completed. This allows you to determine if the user has the necessary permissions before fulfilling the request. There are many use cases for Access Control, including: Allowing anyone read access to all posts Only allowing public access to posts where a status field is equal to published Giving only users with a role field equal to admin the ability to delete posts Allowing anyone to submit contact forms, but only logged in users to read , update or delete them Restricting a user to only be able to see their own orders, but no-one else's Allowing users that belong to a certain organization to access only that organization's resources There are three main types of Access Control in Payload: Collection Access Control Global Access Control Field Access Control Default Access Control Payload provides default Access Control so that your data is secured behind Authentication without additional configuration. To do this, Payload sets a default function that simply checks if a user is present on the request. You can override this default behavior by defining your own Access Control functions as needed. Here is the default Access Control that Payload provides: 1 const defaultPayloadAccess = ( { req : { user } } ) => { 2 // Return `true` if a user is found 3 // and `false` if it is undefined or null 4 return Boolean ( user ) 5 } Important: In the Local API , all Access Control is skipped by default. This allows your server to have full control over your application. To opt back in, you can set the overrideAccess option to false in your requests. The Access Operation The Admin Panel responds dynamically to your changes to Access Control. For example, if you restrict editing ExampleCollection to only users that feature an "admin" role, Payload will hide that Collection from the Admin Panel entirely. This is super powerful and allows you to control who can do what within your Admin Panel using the same functions that secure your APIs. To accomplish this, Payload exposes the Access Operation . Upon login, Payload executes each Access Control function at the top level, across all Collections, Globals, and Fields, and returns a response that contains a reflection of what the currently authenticated user can do within your application. Important: When your access control functions are executed via the Access Operation , the id , data , siblingData , blockData and doc arguments will be undefined . Additionally, Where queries returned from access control functions will not be run - we'll assume the user does not have access instead. This is because Payload is executing your functions without referencing a specific Document. If you use id , data , siblingData , blockData and doc within your access control functions, make sure to check that they are defined first. If they are not, then you can assume that your Access Control is being executed via the Access Operation to determine solely what the user can do within the Admin Panel. Locale Specific Access Control To implement locale-specific access control, you can use the req.locale argument in your access control functions. This argument allows you to evaluate the current locale of the request and determine access permissions accordingly. Here is an example: 1 const access = ( { req } ) => { 2 // Grant access if the locale is 'en' 3 if ( req . locale === 'en' ) { 4 return true 5 } 6 7 // Deny access for all other locales 8 return false 9 } Was this page helpful? Next Collection Access Control On this page Default Access Control The Access Operation Locale Specific Access Control Star on GitHub Star Chat on Discord Discord online Can't find what you're looking for? Browse community help Was this page helpful? Edit this page on GitHub Use Cases Content Management System Enterprise App Builder Headless E-Commerce Digital Asset Management Developers Documentation Community Help Roadmap Templates Releases Company Pricing Enterprise Case Studies Partner With Us Find a Partner Blog Security Compare Payload Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Stay connected Subscribe to our newsletter Submit Switch themes Auto Light Dark Search Search 
